Tony Kaizen:
Alright, my friend. So my first question for you is, if you
had to listen to three albums, and only three for the rest
of your life, which albums would they be?
Carlos:
Uh, 25, Adele.
Tony Kaizen:
Somebody else said that, too.
Carlos:
1989, Taylor Swift.
Tony Kaizen:
Somebody else said the same one.
Carlos:
I feel like I'm basic. Umm...
That's...
Tony Kaizen:
Hmm, tough question.
Carlos:
Tough one. Yeah. See, I listen to a lot of music, but I
don't really have any sort of, like, favorites, so um...
Tony Kaizen:
Let's stick with those two...
Carlos:
Yeah, we'll stick with the two.
Tony Kaizen:
That's cool. Alright. Alright. So now my next question is,
if all jobs paid the same amount of money and you were
prepared to do any job in the world, which job would you do?
Carlos:
Um, I would like to be an engineer of some kind, maybe
aerospace engineering or something like that.
Tony Kaizen:
Really?
Carlos:
Yeah, I've always wanted to do that. I actually did it for
like one semester in school and I dropped out of that
because it was tough, but I would love to go back into it if
I had the time, and yeah.
Tony Kaizen:
Where do you think that interest comes from? Aerospace?
Carlos:
Um, I love building things. I love...I love putting things
together. That's always been my interest. I love, you know,
solving problems that seem a little too crazy. So, yeah,
I've always kind of like being drawn to that.
Tony Kaizen:
But you don't want to, like, fly the planes? You want to
build them?
Carlos:
No, I don't want to fly them. I just want to build them. I'm
more interested in this sort of like the challenges that
come with building an engine and making it work and going
from like, nothing to like something that's like more
than...
Tony Kaizen:
Yeah, definitely, definitely. So you said that after one
semester you kind of quit because it was getting too
difficult, but what was so difficult about it?
Carlos:
I wouldn't say it was difficult. I think I was just not
really sure of what direction I wanted to take at the time.
I just sort of like went into it because I knew that was my
interest. That was something I was interested in, but I
didn't have the right reasons at the time, and I wasn't
prepared for like, you know, aerospace engineering at the
time. So yeah, I had to kind of like give up and be like,
okay, time to look for something else.
Tony Kaizen:
Next thing...Yeah, I got it. Alright. Alright. So my last
question is, what are three things that you can't live
without?
Carlos:
Um, sunglasses, water, and um...My...I'm
gonna say my passport because I love traveling.
Yeah. That's a good one.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tony Kaizen:
That's on my list, too. I like that.
Carlos:
Oh, yeah, yeah. You can't leave without a passport.
Tony Kaizen:
Alright. So let me ask you this, if you could visit any
country on the planet, which country would it be?
Carlos:
Right now, I want to go to Mongolia. Ah, it's a country I've
always been interested in. Um, it's sort of like a very
unique country. Not many people talk about it. You don't
meet that many people from Mongolia. So I've always been
drawn to it. I've always been curious. So yeah.
Tony Kaizen:
Out of curiosity, how many languages do you speak?
Carlos:
Ah, good question! English, Spanish, um...Portuguese, if
I'm forced to speak it. Swahili, um...and I think that's it.
The rest of them, I just sort of like things I understand,
but I can't fully speak.
Tony Kaizen:
Yeah. And where are you from?
Carlos:
I'm from all over the place. I was born in one place. I grew
up in a different place. So I'm kind of like.
Tony Kaizen:
Okay, yeah, where are you born?
Carlos:
Ah, I don't want to get into that.
Tony Kaizen:
Hmm.
Carlos:
No.
Tony Kaizen:
Okay.
Carlos:
Yeah.
Tony Kaizen:
But you live here in Atlanta now?
Carlos:
Yeah, I live here. I've been here for nine...No, no, not
nine, seven years.
Tony Kaizen:
Oh damn.
Carlos:
Yeah.
Tony Kaizen:
So what brought you to the city?
Carlos:
Um, no reason. I just ended up here cos this is where my
family was. And I love it. I love Atlanta. Yeah.
Tony Kaizen:
Nice, alright. So last question, if you could learn any
other language besides the ones you speak obviously now,
what language would it be?
Carlos:
Chinese. I would love to learn Chinese cos it intimidates me
a little bit. When I look at it, I'm like, "Whoa, what am I
looking at?" But so I would love to maybe just have a...sort
of like a small understanding of what I'm reading, but yeah,
Chinese.
Tony Kaizen:
Yeah. Alright. Cool. Carlos, right?
Carlos:
Yes.
Tony Kaizen:
Thank you, man. We appreciate your time.
Carlos:
Of course!